Connection address: 08:6b:d7:c3:7a:56

Connection #: 16

Connection handler#: 16

b'It was close upon half-past six and the evening shadows were growingdenser when two soldiers reached the little space, planted with trees,opposite the Musee Galliera, where the Rue de Chaillot and the RuePierre-Charron meet. One wore an infan'
b"tryman's sky-blue great-coat; theother, a Senegalese, those clothes of undyed wool, with baggy breechesand a belted jacket, in which the Zouaves and the native African troopshave been dressed since the war. One of them had lost his right leg,"
b' theother his left arm.They walked round the open space, in the center of which stands a finegroup of Silenus figures, and stopped. The infantryman threw away hiscigarette. The Senegalese picked it up, took a few quick puffs at it,put it out '
b'by squeezing it between his fore-finger and thumb and stuffedit into his pocket. All this without a word.Almost at the same time two more soldiers came out of the Rue Galliera.It would have been impossible to say to what branch they belonged,'
b" fortheir military attire was composed of the most incongruous civiliangarments. However, one of them sported a Zouave's _chechia_, the otheran artilleryman's _kepi_. The first walked on crutches, the other on twosticks. These two kept near t"
b'he newspaper-kiosk which stands at the edgeof the pavement.Three others came singly by the Rue Pierre-Charron, the Rue Brignolesand the Rue de Chaillot: a one-armed rifleman, a limping sapper and amarine with a hip that looked as if it was tw'
b'isted. Each of them madestraight for a tree and leant against it.Not a word was uttered among them. None of the seven crippled soldiersseemed to know his companions or to trouble about or even perceive theirpresence. They stood behind their t'
b'rees or behind the kiosk or behindthe group of Silenus figures without stirring. And the few wayfarerswho, on that evening of the 3rd of April, 1915, crossed thisunfrequented square, which received hardly any light from the shroudedstreet-lam'
b"ps, did not slacken pace to observe the men's motionlessoutlines.A clock struck half-past six. At that moment the door of one of thehouses overlooking the square opened. A man came out, closed the doorbehind him, crossed the Rue de Chaillot a"
b'nd walked round the open spacein front of the museum. It was an officer in khaki. Under his redforage-cap, with its three lines of gold braid, his head was wrapped ina wide linen bandage, which hid his forehead and neck. He was tall andvery s'
b'lenderly built. His right leg ended in a wooden stump with arubber foot to it.He leant on a stick.Leaving the square,he stepped into the roadway of the RueHere she comes, said the officer.She took the road by which he had arrived and turned d'
b'own the RuePierre-Charron, keeping to the right-hand pavement and thus making forthe space where the street meets the Rue de Chaillot. Her walk waslight, her step easy and wellbalanced. The wind, buffeting against heras she moved quickly on h'
b'er way, swelled out the long blue veil floatingaround her shoulders. Notwithstanding the width of the cloak, therhythmical swing of her body and the youthfulness of her figure wererevealed. The officer kept behind her and walked along with an'
b'absent-minded air, twirling his stick, like a man taking an aimlessstroll.At this moment there was nobody in sight, in that part of the street,except him and her. But, just after she had crossed the Avenue Marceauand some time before he reach'
Connection #16
Final Time:2022-06-21 11:43:29.620525
Final Time - Initial time = 0:00:00.815189
Packets Received = 3388
BLE Payloads received = 14
